gh-132732: Automatically constant evaluate pure operations (#132733)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-04-19-16-22-47.gh-issue-132732.jgqhlF.rst

> Automatically constant evaluate bytecode operations marked as pure in the JIT optimizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic constant evaluation of bytecode operations marked as pure in the JIT optimizer.
```
Sounds a bit better IMO
